Update readme file (#142)
canonical/kafka-k8s-operator: README.md

```shell
$ juju relate kafka-k8s zookeeper-k8s
```

To watch the process, the `juju status` command can be used. Once all the units shown as `active|idle`, the credentials to access a broker can be queried with:

```shell
juju run-action kafka-k8s/leader get-admin-credentials --wait 
```

### Scaling

The charm can be scaled using `juju scale-application` command:

```shell
juju scale-application kafka-k8s <num_of_units_to_scale_to>
```

This will add or remove brokers to match the required number. For example, to scale a deployment with 3 kafka units to 5, run:

```shell
juju scale-application kafka-k8s 5
```

### Password rotation

The operator user is used internally by the Charmed Kafka K8s Operator. The `set-password` action can be used to rotate its password:

```shell
juju run-action kafka-k8s/leader set-password password=<password> --wait
```

Use the same action without a password parameter to randomly generate a password for the operator user.

### Storage support

Currently, the Charmed Kafka K8s Operator makes use of a 10 GB storage mount, tied to a [Kubernetes PVC](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/).

> This is used for logs storage, mounted on `/logs/kafka`.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/canonical/kafka-k8s-operator/pull/142/commits/5be0cccc681ba413b4c1b5c57adb41b60cee5d0b 
Can you clarify what is `log-data`?

## Overview

The Charmed Kafka K8s Operator delivers automated operations management [from Day 0 to Day 2](https://codilime.com/blog/day-0-day-1-day-2-the-software-lifecycle-in-the-cloud-age/) on the [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org) event streaming platform deployed on top of a [Kubernetes cluster](https://kubernetes.io/). It is an open source, end-to-end, production ready data platform on top of cloud native technologies.

> The Charmed Operator can be found on [Charmhub](https://charmhub.io/kafka-k8s) and it comes with features such as:

Author: Yes, that's the name. That does not prevent us from calling it a charmed operator. In this case, we are referencing THE charmed operator mentioned earlier just not to repeat ourselves too much.

```

### Scaling

The charm can be scaled using `juju scale-application` command:

```shell
juju scale-application kafka-k8s <num_of_units_to_scale_to>
```

This will add or remove brokers to match the required number. For example, to scale a deployment with 3 kafka units to 5, run:

```shell
juju scale-application kafka-k8s 5
```

### Password rotation

The operator user is used internally by the Charmed Kafka K8s Operator. The `set-password` action can be used to rotate its password:

```shell
juju run-action kafka-k8s/leader set-password password=<password> --wait
```

Use the same action without a password parameter to randomly generate a password for the operator user.

### Storage support

Currently, the Charmed Kafka K8s Operator makes use of a 10 GB storage mount, tied to a [Kubernetes PVC](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/).

This storage is mounted on `/var/lib/data/kafka` and used for log-data.

Service logs can be found in `/var/log/kafka`.

## Relations

The Charmed Kafka K8s Operator supports Juju [relations](https://juju.is/docs/olm/relations) for interfaces listed below.

#### The kafka_client interface

> The `kafka_client` interface is used with the `data-integrator` charm. This charm allows to automatically create and manage product credentials needed to authenticate with different kinds of data platform charmed products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kafka_client` interface is used with the `data-integrator` charm, which upon relation automatically provides credentials and endpoints for connecting to the desired product.
```

I would add a link to the Data Integrator charm

Author: ```suggestion
The `kafka_client` interface is used with the [Data Integrator](https://charmhub.io/data-integrator) charm, which upon relation automatically provides credentials and endpoints for connecting to the desired product.
```
